docs(README): improve readme by a smidge (#96)
PlaceOS/staff-api: README.md

# PlaceOS Staff API

[![Build Dev Image](https://github.com/PlaceOS/staff-api/actions/workflows/build-dev-image.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PlaceOS/staff-api/actions/workflows/build-dev-image.yml)
[![CI](https://github.com/PlaceOS/staff-api/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PlaceOS/staff-api/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

> Service for integrating [PlaceOS](https://place.technology/) with the workplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service for integrating [PlaceOS](https://placeos.com/) with the workplace.
```

## Environment

These environment variables are required for configuring an instance of Staff API

> ```shell-session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```

Linguist is a little finicky on these. Needs to be `ShellSession` or [an alias](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/fec30b07654881001603ce05cc772b56d8d87060/lib/linguist/languages.yml#L5598-L5600). Ditto for usage elsewhere.
